issue#520: Update docs for auth0_role permissions (#524)
auth0/terraform-provider-auth0: docs/resources/role.md

Required:

> - `name` (String) Name of the permission (scope) configured on the resource server. If referencing a scope from an `auth0_resource_server` resource, use the `value` property, e.g. `auth0_resource_server.my_resource_server.scopes[0].value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` (String) Name of the permission (scope) configured on the resource server. If referencing a scope from an `auth0_resource_server` resource, use the `value` property, for example `auth0_resource_server.my_resource_server.scopes[0].value`.
```
Docs guidelines specify not to use latin abbreviations.
